This time, I will introduce down tar that can be done easily in the office
First of all, since there is no hair level difference, I will wrap it all inside.
It is divided from a high position
This will be behind
I put this in the inner roll tightly and make a turn
I get wound
I Masu regularly wrote to blocking in three bags continue
Here even if I have also firmly put one rotation bristles temperature will always be about 100 degrees
It is all right if you roll it
This completes the inner winding
Because I want to add movement from around the bottom of the jaw
Take a moment for the face and rotate it from the jaw
I will put on the wave
Please have a look at the image firmly wound in the middle because it has a hair tip one curl
In order to put a sharp so before too out volume and would wound
I will thin the back as well as the same time again, and will put a curl firmly and see
Masu Tei
Bangs will continue in light of one rotation in order to with the bangs a bit more floaty
We have you put hair in firmly and open
I want to make the upper person a little fluffy too, so take a little and it's light here
We will wrapped in felt to pass from the eyes
This is the completion of the Kang Chang range
Here's the completed arrangement back home
Hair design and butter is calculated so as to be visible even loose Fuwana winding feel free to see from where the
point
We finished in down style that we did not think that we finished easily
me
The great skill of the sea
Hair salon hair healing surrounded by full of green
I sent from a miniature garden
You can find more information on Cha Garden in Hilaria
Special special guests from Shared Healing Miniature Garden are here
Please refer to Kiraria td at the time of booking to use the gift
There was
For more information check the gifts page of Rabbi A
Costs Kozarsoy and Hilaria
One of the largest fair cutles and power blogs
In addition Hilal and only a limited coupon prime plenty
Search Now filariasis